---
title: Resume
date: 2025-01-01 09:00:00 +/-0000
author: <author_id>
categories: [Resume]
tags: [resume]
description: Resume of my job and studies.
pin: true
---

I graduated in Computer Science from the University of A Coruña with a specialization in computer engineering and had the opportunity to study for one academic year at the University of Bergen (Norway).

I love what I do and I try to keep growing both personally and professionally. My interest evolved from programming embedded applications, more specifically for mobile devices, to finally providing comprehensive client support, analyzing and implementing solutions throughout the application lifecycle, from development to administration, performance, and stability.

Today, after two years as a Product Owner, I am working as a senior Technical Services Engineer at MongoDB, collaborating closely with customers, engineers, and developers to build successful products and relationships with MongoDB.

If I had to sum up my professional interests in one sentence, I could only say that I am passionate about technology.

Education
---------

2008-2015\
**Bsc, Computer Science**;\
University of A Coruña (Spain)

2013-2014\
**BSc, Computer Science**;\
University of Bergen (Norway)

Experience
----------

September 2022 - Present\
_MongoDB . Ireland_\
**Senior Technical Services Engineer**

* Define, implement, and follow standardized best practices for diagnosing issues which support consistent, repeatable issue identification and resolution across geographies within their functional domain.
* Carefully manages off-queue time; periodically reports on accomplishments to their team and management.
* Acts as a formal mentor to more junior TSEs and is accountable for their growth and progress.
* Develop partnerships with development engineers and product managers within a chosen focus area.

December 2020 - August 2022\
_MongoDB · Ireland_\
**Technical Services Engineer**

* Provided expert technical guidance on customer use cases, application architectures, and cloud infrastructure, collaborating with Product Engineering to perform full assessments and optimize mobile application strategies.
* Contributed to team and product improvement by creating comprehensive knowledge base articles, delivering internal training sessions, and supporting global team development initiatives.

November 2018 - December 2020\
_Netex Learning · Spain_\
**Product Owner**

* Defining requirements within existing product roadmap.
* Establishing priorities of new product functionalities with market and stakeholders research.
* Study and measuring of new features success.
* Commercial team support.

January 2017 - January 2019\
_Netex Learning · Spain_\
**iOS & Android Developer**

* iOS & Android software engineer. Focus mainly on iOS platform with Swift.
* Developing a new application from scratch using the latest frameworks and software patterns: Clean architecture (Viper), RxSwift, RxRealm.
* Identify, analyze and fix bugs and performance issues.
* Work with BaaS to deliver new functionalities to existing applications.

January 2017 - January 2019\
_Downhill Publishing · USA_\
**Web Designer**

* SEO.
* Website Design.
* Social Media Marketing.
* Link Building.

Awards
-------

* [Winner of the II prize for the best applied TFG of the Faculty of Computer Science of A Coruña](https://ptfg.fic.udc.es/edicion2016.html)

* Best Paper Award - The 10th IEEE International Conference on IoT

* [Paper on VineSens: An Eco-Smart Decision-Support Viticulture System](https://www.mdpi.com/1424-8220/17/3/465)

Extras
-------

* Languages:

  * Spanish (native speaker)
  * English
  * Gallego